but this foundation and I know a lot of
people are really stuck gonna like big
name products I hear a lot about Matt I
hear like my urban decay i get a lot
about Smashbox but i wanted to talk to
you all about something that you don't
really hear too much about but it's a
great product not only is it inexpensive
but it's really good for your skin
and I don't really get too caught up
with names I like to just try different
stuff and whatever works for me that's
what I always but this is the married
came pretty much the entire foundation
line excluding the cream to powder which
I ran out of a I use it on but I have
all the rest of them here today no one's
kind of go through a woman tell you what
I thought about each of the products as
far as the minimal powder look it's
really good for a very sheer coverage
this is just in my opinion for if you
have oily skin and you kind of want to
just knock that shine off the mineral
powder is very very good for that and
they have a brush too that comes with
this so that you can get you know
a good clean finish not too oily on the
finish but aside from that I would
probably use it also as a French powder
once you apply your foundation you can
go back over with this to kind of lock
it in so I do like it for that and
that's primarily what I use before I
didn't just use it by itself because
it's kind of shear as far as the the
luminous the luminous wear liquid
foundation I tried it and honestly I was
going to get my medium coverage and my
American lady at the time I did not have
any so she just threw this out and said
try it and I did not like it
luminous is really for those people who
have really dry skin and they kind of
want like a natural glow this gives you
that natural glow it says this oil-free
but it kind of really appears very oily
as soon as you put it on and it has a
lot of like gold tint in it almost like
gold glitter really really small and so
that kind of gives you a natural glow
also but I have very oily skin so this
for me it just doesn't work because as
soon as I put it on it's just like those
oily mess it doesn't really agree with
my skin too much so if you have normal
to dry skin this is something that you
may want to give a try on not if you
have oily to get it off and spark as the
medium covers the medium coverage is
something out pretty much recommend or
any type of skin because
not heavy but it's not to to shear and
it's going to give you a very natural
finish I love this I try all of them and
this is probably my favorite like I said
you can use it for any type of skin dry
normal some of the skin it works really
really well and the full coverage it
says for normal to dry skin and probably
because it's a little bit thicker it's
pretty much almost the same in my
opinion as the medium coverage but it's
just a tad bit thicker and so that's
probably why they recommend it for
people who have dry skin but definitely
if all those fails try the medium
coverage and also here I have the beauty
oil bladders and this is for those of
you who do have the only skin and you
kind of want to go back in maybe few
hours later after you've been out and
about and you start perspiring a little
bit the old lighters are really really
good to go on and knock off seasons
where the oil is really seeping through
and they have these in all different
brands most cosmetic brands Hattie's
today I just rolled with Mary Kay
because that's who I primarily go to for
my just foundations flushes I'm starting
to get more more into it I have so much
some shadow brushes cheek color mineral
powder everything but give all these a
try definitely the media coverage and
that's been watching see you later
ladies